Wang Xiaohu, it's time to clean the door nurse
I declare that from now on
White Tiger will be permanently removed from the Heaven and Earth Alliance
permanent delisting
inverse
Kneel down and you know you will be forever famous by heaven and earth
What do you mean?
Permanently expelled by the Heaven and Earth Alliance
My white tiger will be bloodied
I have 12 halls
24 societies
3,600 brothers
Will turn into 3,600 corpses
Ah!
Now you know how much trouble you've gotten into
Is it misplaced?
You you
The white ashes created by your grandfather
I'll let you give it a night
Tiger Lord
Tiger, I was wrong.
I know wrong
You asked the wrong person.
You know who you've offended.
Quanzi was impulsive
In vain, he is punished
I was wrong.
I know wrong
Sorry, dare not.
You are the young master Jiang of the dignified White Tiger Club
Future President Jiang
What about me?
I'm a punk
A guy who sells egg fried rice
How am I qualified to punish you, Young Master Jiang?
Hey no no no
Brother, no, that's not what I mean.
You made us kneel and apologize again before
You want my leg again?
The battle was quite noisy
You say it again now and I'll listen